if the question were to be posed can you
improve your Chinese by chatting with
random strangers on dating apps the
answer is yes it's certainly much easier
to practice and improve your Chinese
than to actually find love or friendship
and you will find yourself in many
bizarre and hilarious situations
including dealing with like scam artists
people trying to sell you things people
trying to involve you in buying and
selling stock options or something like
that you will deal with catfish in
English the term catfish means people
who have a fake profile or using fake
pictures one more another and you'll
deal with people like this who just get
furious at you and start swearing at you
and denouncing you and telling you
you're a terrible person which can be
very educational in its way also because
you know what you learn from textbooks
in Chinese will never never be you know
the Chinese language as it's spoken in
these situations the caveats here are
yes you need to be able to type Chinese
rapidly enough to keep up a conversation
from moment to moment I mean you only
have a few split seconds to type
something before someone else is going
to type back or get frustrated with you
and quit and to type Chinese rapidly is
not the same thing as to speak the
language fluently and of course there
may be errors here on my part what I was
typing because that was writing this
really really quickly so it challenges
you to use Chinese without a dictionary
or with only very minimal rapid ability
to check something look up some word you
can't quite remember in dictionary and
yeah I guess you've got to be
good-looking enough or interesting
enough to motivate strangers to talk to
you on the internet I don't know if you
take the time to really look up each
word that you don't know that the other
person is using you're gonna find a lot
of interesting surprises including in
this case you know swear words so Google
Translate renders this as
don't think of others with your villains
heart but the term used isn't really
villain CRN this term goes all the way
back to the ancient Analects of
Confucius so it is a term with no
literary pretensions dripping from it
but sure I give her credit that's a
great literary turn of phrase here you
can tell she's already I think
completely furious with me where she
says at the top she says good luck and
he said I didn't know Chinese people
used
good luck this way but I take it when
she says good luck she means like get
the hell out of here I don't even want
to talk to you anymore
so I think she's already furious with me
I'm just kind of explaining myself like
look you know there were a lot of fake
profiles and you say that you live here
in Canada but none of your photographs
look like someone who's in Canada so you
know and your your profile pictures they
basically do look pretty fake they look
like posed model shots that are fake so
erase some obvious questions that but
she is not having it she throws an
impressive series of insults and
reproaches at me including she
repeatedly tells me that she is ashamed
that I can speak the Chinese language
[Music]
I am ashamed that you can speak Chinese
he says she says that I'm a
brain-damaged she says I'm really
sick so there's oh hey look if you take
the time to really write out the
vocabulary that someone throws at you in
this situation whether those be insults
or flattery if you take the time to
write this out longhand and look up in
the dictionary
maybe both the word choice and the sense
structure you could stand to learn a lot
from this but none of these people are
gonna act like you're Chinese teacher
none of them are gonna explain to you
what they're saying or why so it kind of
does put a huge burden of research and
investigation on you and probably you
could be spending your time better
talking to almost anyone else or reading
almost anything else in Chinese that's
gonna provide you with the vocabulary
you really need but hey I wouldn't have
access to that more informal so out of
the language except through occasional
glimpses provided by dating apps like
tinder
[Music]